Double-sided A4 Crib Sheets for Mathematics Exams at The University of York

Index of Sheets:

 - Year 1: Calculus [In Progress, Exam: 25th May, 13:30--16:30, F/CENHL]
 - Year 1: Algebra  [In Progress, Exam: 2nd June, 13:30--16:00, F/CENHL]

NOTE: These documents are intended to pack as much information as possible onto
two sides of A4, in line with the Departmental regulations on the use of crib
sheets in examinations. Thus, they may, from time to time, break standard
typographical practice in favour of practicality.

Should you wish to use these sheets for your own exploits, you ought to know
three things:

 - The resultant PDFs are not tracked in version control. Therefore, you will
   have to either (a) download and compile the documents on your own machine, or
   (b) use the ones that I have compiled and made available on-line. Option (a)
   is not particularly difficult, and they don't require any exotic packages
   that aren't on CTAN and included in every modern TeX Live distribution. If
   you'd prefer (b), see: https://www-users.york.ac.uk/~od641/exam-crib-sheets.

 - The margins and text are abnormally small, for the reasons described above.
   Some home printers (old home InkJet series and the like) might have trouble
   printing these documents correctly, so I recommend using a high-resolution
   office laser printer, such as the ones scattered throughout The University of
   York campuses.

 - If you have any corrections, comments, or questions concerning the content of
   this repository, please contact me at od641@york.ac.uk.

In addition to the crib sheets, I have provided a short commentary on my
predictions for the contents of the upcoming examination for each module. These
guesses are based wholly on the contents of the previous examinations; I do not
have any information that is not equally available to every other student
enrolled on this programme.

Frequently Asked Questions

Q: Am I [OD] allowed to publish these?

A: Yes, the sharing of revision resources is certainly allowed. York students
   with a Mathematics VLE account can access a Moodle thread which confirms
   this: https://maths.york.ac.uk/moodle/mod/hsuforum/discuss.php?d=5155

Q: Under what licence are these materials made available?

A: Everything contained within this repository, along with the PDFs available
   on my University HTTP instance, is published under the MIT Licence. Please
   see the LICENSE file.

Q: What are "publish.sh" and "publishing-index"?

A: The former is a simple Bash script that compresses PDFs, where necessary, and
   uploads them over SSH to my University's web server. The latter is an index
   of all PDF documents that should be subject to this process. Unless you know
   my University password and have a recent two-factor authentication code,
   neither of these files will be very useful to you ;)

